assay	specific	common_name	technology	cell_type	species	abbreviation	letters
ahr	yes	activation_AhR	luciferase	HepG2	human	Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor	A
elg1-luc-agonist	yes	activation_ATAD5	luciferase	Hek293	human		H
esre-bla	yes	activation_EndoRS	beta-lactamase	HeLa	human	Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress 	M
hse-bla	yes	activation_HSP	beta-lactamase	HeLa	human	Heat Shock Pathway	T
nfkb-bla-agonist	yes	activation_NFkb	beta-lactamase	ME-180	human	Nuclear Factor Kappa Beta	V
are-bla	yes	activation_Nrf2	beta-lactamase	HepG2	human	nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2	D
p53-bla	yes	activation_p53	beta-lactamase	HCT-116	human		W
ar-mda-kb2-luc-agonist	yes	agonism_AR/full	luciferase	MDA-kb2	human	Androgen Receptor	E
ar-bla-agonist	yes	agonism_AR/partial	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Androgen Receptor	B
fxr-bla-agonist	yes	agonism_FXR	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Farnesoid X Receptor	N
ppard-bla-agonist	yes	agonism_PPARd	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor delta	X
pparg-bla-agonist	yes	agonism_PPARg	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor gamma	Z
rar-agonist	yes	agonism_RSP	luciferase	C3H10T1/2	mouse	Retinol Signaling Pathway	AB
gh3-tre-agonist	yes	agonism_TR	luciferase	GH3	rat	Thyroid Receptor	P
vdr-bla-agonist	yes	agonism_VDR	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Vitamin D Receptor	AD
er-luc-bg1-4e2-agonist	yes	agonism_ER/full	luciferase	BG1	human	Estrogen Receptor	K
er-bla-agonist	yes	agonism_ER/partial	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Estrogen Receptor	I
gr-hela-bla-agonist	yes	agonism_GR	beta-lactamase	HeLa	human	Glucocorticoid Receptor	R
ar-mda-kb2-luc-antagonist	yes	antagonism_AR/full	luciferase	MDA-kb2	human	Androgen Receptor	F
ar-bla-antagonist	yes	antagonism_AR/partial	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Androgen Receptor	C
er-luc-bg1-4e2-antagonist	yes	antagonism_ER/full	luciferase	BG1	human	Estrogen Receptor	L
er-bla-antagonist	yes	antagonism_ER/partial	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Estrogen Receptor	J
fxr-bla-antagonist	yes	antagonism_FXR	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Farnesoid X Receptor	O
gr-hela-bla-antagonist	yes	antagonism_GR	beta-lactamase	HeLa	human	Glucocorticoid Receptor	S
ppard-bla-antagonist	yes	antagonism_PPARd	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor delta	Y
pparg-bla-antagonist	yes	antagonism_PPARg	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor gamma	AA
ror-cho-antagonist	yes	antagonism_RORr	luciferase	CHO	chicken	Retinoid Orphan Receptor gamma 	AC
gh3-tre-antagonist	yes	antagonism_TR	luciferase	GH3	rat	Thyroid Receptor	Q
vdr-bla-antagonist	yes	antagonism_VDR	beta-lactamase	Hek293	human	Vitamin D Receptor	AE
via_ahr	no	cytotoxicity_AhR/agonism		HepG2	human	Aryl Hydrocarbon Receptor	A.c
via_ar-mda-kb2-luc-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_AR/antagonism/full		MDA-kb2	human	Androgen Receptor	F.c
via_ar-bla-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_AR/antagonism/partial		Hek293	human	Androgen Receptor	C.c
via_aromatase	no	cytotoxicity_aromatase/inhibition		MCF-7	human		G.c
via_elg1-luc-agonist	no	cytotoxicity_ATAD5/activation		Hek293	human		H.c
via_esre-bla	no	cytotoxicity_EndoRS/activation		HeLa	human	Endoplasmic Reticulum Stress 	M.c
via_er-luc-bg1-4e2-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_ER/antagonism/full		BG1	human	Estrogen Receptor	L.c
via_er-bla-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_ER/antagonism/partial		Hek293	human	Estrogen Receptor	J.c
via_fxr-bla-agonist	no	cytotoxicity_FXR/agonism		Hek293	human	Farnesoid X Receptor	N.c
via_fxr-bla-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_FXR/antagonism		Hek293	human	Farnesoid X Receptor	O.c
via_gr-hela-bla-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_GR/antagonism		HeLa	human	Glucocorticoid Receptor	S.c
via_hse-bla	no	cytotoxicity_HSP/activation		HeLa	human	Heat Shock Pathway	T.c
via_mitotox	no	cytotoxicity_MMP/inhibition		HepG2	human	Mitochondria Membrane Potential 	U.c
via_nfkb-bla-agonist	no	cytotoxicity_NFkb/activation		ME-180	human	Nuclear Factor Kappa Beta	V.c
via_are-bla	no	cytotoxicity_Nrf2/activation		HepG2	human	nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2	D.c
via_p53-bla	no	cytotoxicity_p53/activiation		HCT-116	human		W.c
via_ppard-bla-agonist	no	cytotoxicity_PPARd/agonism		Hek293	human	Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor delta	X.c
via_ppard-bla-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_PPARd/antagonism		Hek293	human	Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor delta	Y.c
via_pparg-bla-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_PPARg/antagonism		Hek293	human	Peroxisome Proliferator-Activated Receptor gamma	AA.c
via_ror-cho-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_RORr/antagonism		CHO	chicken	Retinoid Orphan Receptor gamma 	AC.c
via_rar-agonist	no	cytotoxicity_RSP/agonism		C3H10T1/2	mouse	Retinol Signaling Pathway	AB.c
via_gh3-tre-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_TR/antagonism		GH3	rat	Thyroid Receptor	Q.c
via_vdr-bla-agonist	no	cytotoxicity_VDR/agonism		Hek293	human	Vitamin D Receptor	AD.c
via_vdr-bla-antagonist	no	cytotoxicity_VDR/antagonism		Hek293	human	Vitamin D Receptor	AE.c
aromatase	yes	inhibition_aromatase	luciferase	MCF-7	human		G
mitotox	yes	inhibition_MMP	beta-lactamase	HepG2	human	Mitochondria Membrane Potential 	U
